Cycling (#9)
riyacchi/eris-pagination: README.md

    - **Boolean** `options.extendedButtons` - Whether to show advanced pagination buttons (Jump to First & Last page)
        - Optional: **Yes**
        - Default: **False**

>     - **Boolean** `options.cycling` - If back to rist page when you click on next in last page or click last page when you click on back in first page.

Reviewer: Same issue as the JSDoc
```suggestion
    - **Boolean** `options.cycling` - Cycle through all embeds jumping from the first page to the last page on going back and from the last page to the first page going forth.
```
